1.参考译文 141&142 Sally's first train ride

上周，我4岁的女儿萨莉被邀请去参加一个儿童聚会。

我决定带她乘火车去。萨莉非常激动，因为她从未乘过火车。

她靠车窗坐着，对她所看到的一切都要问个明白。

突然，一个中年妇女上了火车，坐在萨莉的对面。“你好，小姑娘，”她说。萨莉没回答，却好奇地看着她。

那位妇女穿着一件蓝色的大衣，戴着一顶大而滑稽的帽子。

火车开出车站后，那位妇女找开了手提包，拿出了粉盒。

然后她开始打扮起来。“你为什么要那样做呢？”萨莉问。“为了把自己打扮漂亮啊，”那位妇女答道。

她放好了粉盒，慈祥地微笑着。“可是你仍然难看呀，”萨莉说。萨莉感到很有趣，而我却很尴尬。

2.中译英

last week, My 4 years old daughter be invited to a children's party

I decide to take her by train. Sally was excited, because she never travelled on a train.

She sat near the window, she asked questions about everything she saw.

Suddenly, a middle-age women got on the train, sat opposite  Sally. "Hello, little girl". Sally didn't answer, but loot at her curiously.

That women dressed in a blue coat, and a large, funny hat.

After the train left the station, the lady open her handbag, and took to her power compact.

She then began to make up her face. "Why are you doing that" Sally asked. "To make myself beautiful", the women anwsered.

She put away her compact and smile kindly. "But you're still ugly", Sally said. She was amused, but I was embarressed .

3.听写

Last week, My 4 years old daughter was invited to a children's party.

I decide to take her by train, Sally was very excited. Because she had never travelled on a train.

She sat near the window, and asked questions about everything she saw.

Suddenly, a middle-age lady got on the train, and sat opposite Sally.

"Hello little girl", Sally didn't answer, but looked at her curiously.

The lady was dressed in a blue coat, and a large, funny hat.

After the train left the station, the lady opened her handbag, and took to her power compact.

She then began to make up her face.

"Why are you doing that" Sally asked. "To make myself beautiful" she put away her compact, and smiled kindly.

"But you're still ugly" Sally said. Sally was a, but I was very i


4.拼写错误

乘火车旅行旅行 travel on a train

中年女性 middle-age lady

上火车 get to the train

坐我对面 sit opposite me

好奇地 curiously

手提包 handbag

取出粉底 take to power compact

打扮自己 make up her face

慈祥地微笑 smile kindly

美丽 beautiful

丑陋的 ugly

被逗乐了 amused

尴尬 embarrassed


5.类型总结

过去式陈述

