1.参考译文 111&112 The most expensive model

弗里斯先生：我非常喜欢这台电视机。请问它多少钱？

店 员：这是店里最贵的型号。它的售价是500英镑。

弗里斯夫人：这对我们来说是太贵了。我们花不起那么多钱。

店 员：这种型号比那种要便宜些。它只要300英镑。但是，它当然没有价钱高那种好。

弗里斯先生：我不喜欢这种型号。那种型号价格是贵一些，但它值得那么多钱。

弗里斯先生：我们可以用分期付款的方式购买吗？

店 员：当然可以。您可以先付30英镑定金，然后每月14镑,3年付清。

弗里斯先生：你喜欢吗，亲爱的？

弗里斯夫人：我当然喜欢，但是我不喜欢这个价钱。你总是要买最好的，可我们买不起，有时候你认为自己是个百万富翁！

弗里斯先生：百万富翁是不会分期付款买东西的！

2.中译英

I like this television so much, how much does it cost

This the most expensive model in the shop, it cost 500 pound

That's too expensive for us, we can't afford all that money

This is less expensive than that one, it's only 300 pounds, but it's not as good as the expensive one

I don't like this kind of model, that model is more expensive, but it's worth the money

Could we pay on instalments

Sure, of course. You can pay 30 pounds as a deposit, then pay 14 pound every month, pay three years

Do you like that money

I certainly like it, but I don't like the price. You always want best, but we can't afford it, sometimes you think you are millionaire

Millionaire is not buy things by instalments

3.听写

I like this television very much, how much does it cost

It's the most expensive model in the shop, it costs 500 pound

It's too expensive for us, we can't afford all that money

This is less expensive than that one, it's only 300 pound, but of course it's not as good as the expensive one

I don't like the model, the other one is more expensive, but it's worth the money

Can we pay on instalments

Of course, you can pay a deposit of 30 pounds, and pay 14 pounds a month for three years

Do you like it dear

I certainly do, but I don't like this price. You always want the best, but we can't afford it. Sometimes you think you are the millionaire

The millionaire don't buy things on instalments

4.拼写错误

请问它多少钱 how much does it cost

500英镑 500 pounds

花那么多钱 afford all that money

比。便宜 less expensive than that one

和。一样 as good ad

分期付款 on instalment

付30英镑定金 pay a deposit of 30 pounds

我当热喜欢 I certainly do

百万富翁 millionaire



