
1.参考译文 26 The best art critics

我是个学艺术的学生，画了很多画。有很多人装成很懂现代艺术的样子，总是告诉你一幅画的“意思”是什么。当然，有很多画是什么“意思”也没有的。它们就是些好看的图案，我们喜爱它们就像我们喜欢漂亮的窗帘布一样。我觉得小孩子们往往比任何人都更能欣赏现代绘画，他们观察到的东西更多。我的妹妹只有7岁，但她总能说出我的画是好还是坏。昨天她到我房里来了。

2.听写

I am an art student and I have paint a lot of pictures. Some people pretend that they understand modern art. They always tell you what a picture is "about", but the picture is not 'about' anything. They are just pretty patterns. We like them in the same way that we like pretty curtain material. I found that young children often appreciate modern pictures better than anyone else. They notice more. My sister is 7 years old, but she always tells me whether my picture good or not. She came into my room yesterday.

"What are you doing" she asked.

I am hanging a new picture on the wall.

"It is a new one, Do you like it?"

She look at it critically for a long time.

"It is all right, isn't it upside down?"

I looked at it again. She is right! It was!


3.中译英

我是个学统计学的学生，做了很多实验。有很多人装成很懂现代统计学的样子，总是告诉你一个实验的“意思”是什么。当然，有很多实验是什么“意思”也没有的。它们就是些理想的假设，我们喜爱它们就像我们喜欢新奇的事物一样。我觉得小孩子们往往比任何人都更能欣赏现代统计学，他们观察到的东西更多。我的弟弟只有7岁，但他总能说出我的实验是好还是坏。昨天他到我房里来了。

I am a statistic student, I did a lot of experiments. Most of people pretend that they understand modern  statistic, they always tell you what the experiment is 'about'. However, many experiments are not 'about' anything. They are just some ideal hypothesis, we like them in the same way that we like the new things. I think young children could appreciate modern statistic better than anyone else, they notice more. My brother is only 7 years old, but he always tells me my experiment whether good or not. He came into my room yesterday.

4.语法问题

定语从句 what a picture is "about"

.. 像 .. 一样 in the same way that 

.. 是好还是坏 whether .. good or not

比 .. 好 ...  ... better than ..

你觉得怎么样？ Do you like it?

5.拼写错误

假装 pretend

好看的图案 pretty patterns

窗帘布 curtain material

材料 material 

鉴赏 appreciate

注意到 notice

批判的 critically

上下颠倒地 upside down

统计学 statistics

假设 hypothesis

新奇的 new

