1.参考译文 137&138 A pleasant dream

朱 莉：布赖恩，你正在下足球赛的赌注吗？

布赖恩：是的。我这就做完了。朱莉。我敢肯定这星期我们会赢一点的。

朱 莉：你老是那样说，但是我们从来没赢过！要是你赢了许多钱，你打算做什么呢？

布赖恩：要是我赢了许多钱，我给你买件貂皮大衣。

朱 莉：我不要貂皮大衣。我要去见世面。

布赖恩：好吧。要是我们赢了很多钱，我们就去周游世界，并且往最好的旅馆。然后我们返回家园，在乡下买幢大房子。我们将有一个漂亮的花园和……

朱 莉：但是如果我们把所有钱都花光了，我们又会变穷的。那时我们怎么办呢？

布赖恩：如果我们花光了所有钱，我们设法在足球赛赌注上再赢一次。

朱 莉：这是个美好的梦，但一切都取决于 “如果”！

2，中译英

Are you doing the football pools, Brain?

Yes, I nearly finished, Julie. I am sure we will win something this week.

You always say that, but we never win anything! What will you do if you win a lot of money?

If I win a lot of money, I will buy you a mink coat.

I don't want a mink coat, I want to see the world.

All right. If we win a lot of money, we will travel around the world, and we'll stay at the best hotel. Then we will return home and buy a big house in the country. We will have a beautiful garden and ..

But if we spend all that money, we will be poor again. What'll to do then?

If we spend all that money, we will try and win football pools again.

It's a pleasant dream, but everything depends on "If".


3，听写

Brain, are you doing the football pools?

Yes, I nearly finished it. Julie. I am sure we will win something this week.

You always say that, but we never win anything. What will you do if you win a lot of money?

If I win a lot of money I will buy you a mink coat.

I don't want the mink coat, I want to see the world.

All right, if we win a lot of money, we will travel around the world, and we will stay at the best hotel. Then we will return home, and buy a big house in the country. We will have a beautiful garden and...

But if we spend that money, we will try and win the football pools again. What'll we do then?

If we spend all that money, we will try and win the football pools again.

It's a pleasant dream, but everything depends on "if".

4. 拼写错误

美好的梦 a pleasant dream

足球比赛的赌注 football pools

接近完成 nearly finish

从没 never

貂皮大衣 mink coat

见世面 see the world

住酒店 stay at hotel

变穷 be poor

那时我们怎么办 what'll we do then

5. 类型总结

1) 规划未来