1.参考译文 143&144 A walk through the woods

我住在一个由美丽的树林环绕的古老的小镇上。这是一个著名的风景胜地。

每适星期天，有许许多人从城里来观赏我们的小镇，并在树林中散步。

游客已被告知要保持树林的整洁。

树下都已设置了废物筐，但是人们仍到处扔垃圾。

上星期三我到树林里去散步。我所见到的一切使我非常难过。我数了一下，有7辆旧汽车和3上旧冰箱。

废物筐是空的，而满地都是纸片、烟头、旧轮胎，空瓶子和生锈的空罐头盒。

在垃圾堆中我发现了一块牌子，上面写着："凡在此树林里丢弃垃圾者，将依法处置。"

2.中译英

I live in a very old town which is surrounded by beautiful woods, it is a famous beauty spot.

On Sunday, hundreds of people come from the city to see our town, and walk trough the woods.

Visitors have been asked to keep the woods clean and tidy.

Litter baskets have been placed under the trees, but people still throw their rubbish everywhere.

Last Wednesday, I went for a walk in the woods. What I saw made me very sad. I counted 7 old cars and 3 old refrigerators.  

The litter baskets were empty and the ground covered by pieces of paper, cigarette ends, old tyres, empty bottles and rusty tins.

Among the rubbish I found a sign which said "Anyone who leaves litter in the woods will be prosecuted".

3.听写

I live in a very old town which is surrounded by beautiful woods. It's a beauty spot.

On Sunday, hundreds of people come from city to see our town, and to walk through the woods.

Visitors have been asked to keep the woods clean and tidy.

Litter baskets have been placed under the trees, but people still throw their rubbish everywhere.

Last Wednesday I went for a walk in the woods, what I saw made me very sad. I counted 7 old cars and 3 old refrigerators.

The litter baskets were empty and the ground covered with pieces of paper, cigarette ends, old tyres, empty battles and rusty tins.

Among the rubbish I found a sign which said: "Anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be prosecuted"

4.拼写错误

美丽的树木环绕 surround by beautiful woods

许多人 hundreds of people

树林中散步 walk through the woods

保持树林整洁 keep the woods clean and tidy

树下都已设置了废物筐 litter baskets have been placed under the trees

到处乱扔垃圾 throw rubbishes everywhere

到树林里散步 go for a walk in the woods

旧冰箱 old refrigerator

纸片 pieces of paper

烟头 cigarette end

旧轮胎 old tyre

空瓶子 empty bottle

生锈的罐子 rusty tins

牌字 sign

处置 prosecute

凡在此树林里丢弃垃圾者，将依法处置 anyone who leaves litter in these woods will be prosecuted

5.类型总结

场景重现
