
1.参考译文 27 A wet night

傍晚时分，孩子们在田野中央搭起了帐篷。这件事刚刚做完，他们就在篝火上烧起了饭。他们全都饿了，饭菜散发出阵阵香味。他们美美地吃了一顿饭后，就围在营火旁讲起了故事，唱起了歌。但过了一阵子。天下起雨来，于是他们扑灭了篝火，钻进了帐篷。睡袋既暖和又舒服，所以，他们都睡得很香。午夜前后，有两个孩子醒了，大声叫了起来。原来帐篷里到处都是水！他们全都跳出睡袋，跑到外面。雨下得很大，他们发现地上已经形成了一条小溪。那小溪弯弯曲曲穿过田野，然后正好从他们的帐篷底下流过去。

2.中译英

Late in the afternoon, the boys put up their tent in the middle of the field. After soon as they done, they cooked a meal over the fire. They were all hungry, and the meal smell good. After a wonderful meal, they told stories and sang songs by the campfire. But some time later, it began to rain. they felt tired, so they put out the fire, and crept into the sleeping bags. The sleeping bag was warm and comfortable, so they sleep soundly. In the mid of night, two boys wake up and began shouting. The tent was full of water. They leapt the sleeping bags and hurried outside. It's rain heavily, they found that the stream had formed in the field. The stream wound its way across the field, and then flowed right under their tent.

3.听写

Late in this afternoon, the boys put up their tent in the mid of field. As soon as this was done, they cooked a meal over the open fire. They were all hungry and the meals smell very nice. After the wonderful meal they told stories and sang songs by the campfire. But some time later it began to rain, the boys felt tired, so they put out the fire and crept into the tent. The tent warm and comfortable, so they sleep soundly. In the mid of the night, two boys woke up and began shouting. The tent was full of water, they all leapt out of their sleeping bags and hurried outside. It's raining heavily and they found that a stream had formed in the field. The stream wound its way across the filed and then flowed right under the tent.

4.语法问题

他们（主语）美美地吃了一顿饭后 after a wonderful meal

雨下得很大，他们发现地上已经形成了一条小溪。 It's raining heavily and they found that the stream had formed in the field

5.拼写错误

帐篷 tent

田野 field

营火 campfire

爬行 creep

跳跃 leap

快点出去 hurry outside

小溪 stream

形成 form

蜿蜒 wind

6.语法类型

时间介词






































