1.参考译文 135&136 The latest report

记 者：马什小姐，您真的准备退休吗？

马什小姐：有可能退。我还拿不定主意。我得问一下我的未婚夫。他不会再让我拍电影了。

记 者：您的未婚夫，马什小姐？

马什小姐：是的，让我把他给你们介绍一下。他叫卡洛斯。下星期我们就要结婚了。

凯 特：看啊，莉兹！这又有一篇关于卡伦.马会的报道。你听，“卡伦.”“马什：最新消息。今天在伦敦旅馆，马什小姐告诉记者她可能要
退休。她说她还拿不定主意。她说她得问问她的未婚夫。她说她的未婚夫不会再让她拍电影。然后她把我们介绍给卡洛斯，并告诉我们说他们下星期结婚。”

莉 兹：凯特，这真是条轰动的消息，是不是？

凯 特：当然啦。他将是她的第6个丈夫！

2，中译英

Are you really going to retire, miss Marsh?

I may. I can't make up my mind. I will have to make up my future husband. he won't let me make another film.

Your future husband, Miss Marsh?

Yes, let me introduce him to you. His name is Carlos. We're going to get married next week.

Look, Liz! Here is another report about Karen Marsh. Listen: 'Karen Marsh: The latest. At the London hotel today, Miss Marsh told the reporter she might retire. She said she can't make up her mind. She need to ask her future husband. She said her future husband would't let her make another film. Then she introduced us to Carlos, and told us they would get married next week.'

That's a sensational news, isn't it Kate?

It certainly is. He will be her sixth husband!

3，听写

Are you really going to retire, Miss Marsh?

I may, I can't make up my mind, I will have to ask my future husband. He won't want me make another film.

Your future husband, Miss Marsh? 

Yes, let me introduce him to you, his name is Carlos, we are going to get married next week.

Look Liz! Here is another report about Ms.Marsh. Listen: "Karen Marsh, the latest." At the London hotel today, miss Marsh told reporters she might retire. She said could't make up her mind. She said she would have to ask her future husband. She said her future husband would't let her make another film. Then she introduced us to Carlos, and told us they would get married next week.

That's a sensational news, isn't it, Kate?

It certainly is, he will be her sixth husband.


4. 拼写错误

退休 retire

拿主意 make up my mind

我们将在下周结婚 we are going to get married next week

报道 report

记者 reporters

轰动的新闻 sensational news

当然地 certainly

5. 类型总结

1) 转述消息
2) 对于消息的评论

