
1.参考译文 28 No parking

贾斯珀.怀特是少有的相信古代神话的人之一。他刚在城里买下一所新房子，但自从搬进去后，就和汽车及车主们发生了磨擦。当他夜里回到家时，总是发现有人把车停在他家大门外。为此，他甚至一次也没能把自己的车开进车库。贾斯珀曾把几块“禁止停车”的牌子挂在大门外边，但没有任何效果。现在他把一个丑陋的石雕头像放在了大门上边，这是我见过的最丑陋的头像之一。我问他那是什么？他告诉我那是蛇发女怪美杜莎。贾斯珀希望她把汽车和车主们都变成石头。但到目前为止还没有一个变成石头呢！

2.中译英

Jasper White is one of those rare person who believes in the ancient myths. He has just bought a new house in the city, but ever since he moved in, he has had some trouble with cars and their owners. When he returns home at night, he finds that someone always has parked their cars outside his gate. Becase of this, he has been able to get his own car to his garage even once. Jasper has ever put up some "No Parking" signs outside his gate, but these didn't have any affect. Now he has put an ugly stone head over his gate, this is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen. I asked him what it was and he told me it's Medusa, the Gorgon. Jasper hopes that she will turn those cars and their owners to stone. But none of them has been turned to stone yet.

3.听写

Jasper White was one of those rare person who believes in ancient myths. He has just bought a new house in the city, but ever since he moved in, he has had trouble with cars and their owners. When he returns home at night, he finds that someone has parked their cars outside his gate. Because of this, he has not been able to get his own car to his garage even once. He has ever put up a "No Parking" sign outside his gate, but it didn't have any affect. Now he put an ugly stone head over his gate, this is one of the ugliest faces I have ever seen. I asked him what it was. He told me she was Medusa, the Gorgon. Jasper hopes that she will turn those cars and their owners to stone, but none of them has been turned to stone yet.

4.语法问题

少有的。。的人 one of those rare person

与。。发生摩擦 have trouble with

它甚至一次也没能把自己的车开进车库 he hasn't been able to get his own car to his garage even once

5.拼写错误

罕见的 rare

古代的 ancient

深化 myth

麻烦、摩擦 trouble

车库 garage

挂 put up

门外 outside the gate

门上 over the gate

变成石头 turn to stone


6.语法类型

过去完成时


































